Hey guys, this is Austin and today I’m here
with a review
of Batman: Arkham City Lockdown for the iPhone,
iPod touch
and iPad.
Based on Unreal Engine 3, the game features
some
nice looking graphics and smooth, if a bit
repetitive
gameplay.
The story revolves around Batman doing what
he
does best: pummeling bad guys.
It features a few of the
villains from the Arkham City game on consoles
and the PC
however don’t expect the full open world
experience.
Arkham
City Lockdown is a strict fighting game with
nothing beyond
a few short cut scenes sprinkled between different
enemies.
As it’s based on the same engine and features
very similar
gameplay to Infinity Blade 2 they’re easy
to compare.
I
found myself liking the controls on Lockdown
more than
Infinity Blade.
Controls are very simple, you
swipe up for an uppercut, left and right for
punches,
down to counter and tap on the screen to dodge.
There is
very little in the way of different moves
and it quickly
becomes more of a game of timing your attacks
correctly
than pulling off complicated combos.
Enemies are easy at first but quickly ramp
up in
difficulty.
Most are finished with simple attacks but
as
you progress they gain weapons including pipes
and guns.
Sometimes the henchmen will go into a rage
mode where they
become invulnerable for a short time and it’s
up to you to
dodge their attacks.
If you avoid them you get a short
window to lay a smackdown but if the attacks
connect they’ll
do a good chunk of damage.
As you progress through the game
you get experience points for each grunt you
take down.
As
you go up levels you are able to purchase
upgrades as well
as gadgets.
Gadgets add another unique element to gameplay.
Each can be used by activating on the bottom
left of the
screen and do everything from give you a small
health boost,
briefly power up your attacks or distract
the enemy for
some easy damage.
All of these elements help to give more
challenge to the game but no matter how you
look at it the
gameplay is quite repetitive.
There are four sectors, each
with three sets of normal enemies and a boss
fight for a
total of sixteen levels.
In the biographies page it shows
Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy coming soon but
the fact remains
I beat all of the levels from start to finish
in right at an
hour.
After you beat the game there is more to see.
You can
play through the game again on an increased
difficulty, grab
yourself some wallpapers as well as take a
look at one of
three Arkham City comics.
You can also buy different Batman
skins including an animated Batman along with
a Batman Beyond
skin for a dollar each.
Overall I’m a bit mixed on the game.
On one hand you have some very solid controls,
good graphics
and nice design.
On the other hand though, I feel like they
missed out.
Instead of having an awesome open world game
you
get a straightforward fighting game that can
be completed in
under an hour.
If you’re a fan of Infinity Blade styled
games
or Batman in general this is definitely worth
a look but
otherwise there are better ways to spend $5.99.
If you enjoyed this review, definitely be
sure to leave this
video a thumbs up and if you’re interested
in more videos like
this be sure to subscribe.